How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    if there is a minor change / error, it will be very difficult to find it manually, 
in this case, these tools are very helpful.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    we can go back to the version we want and take some code from there, re use it.
hence, history helps.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manual is always error prone, we may miss some times.
due to lazyness, or anything. but we can name it accordingly, if compleetely dedicated

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

we can go back any time, very helpful

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

manual > logical, automatic, not so good

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

while coding, we deal with many files
thats not the case with docs

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log helps us to glance us through old version, to see the specific change.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

i have the old version, full confidance

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

version control for future projects, sharing